So the two systems of measurement that we're going to be working with here, the U.S. and the metric
system, the quantities that works are going to be working as the length of mass and time.
So in the United States here, what is the smallest unit of length that you actually are used to working
with?
You might be seeing yourself.
Inches or the inch and the abbreviation four inches is I and what's what's a bigger than an inch?
I'll give you what's 12 times bigger than an inch.
Maybe you're actually saying to yourself, A at the foot or feet, let's use the plural here, saying
that it's feet and the abbreviation feet is what maybe you're saying to yourself, F.T..
And what's bigger than a foot?
I'm going to give you a little clue here.
It's three times bigger than foot.
It's what players use on the football field.
Maybe you're saying to yourself, it's the yard.
And a lot of my students, they would actually say maybe the abbreviation for yard is widebody or something
like that.
But I believe it's actually just wide and I don't think that's actually very commonly used.
So I wouldn't worry about that one too much.
And what's a lot bigger than a foot in a yard.
So by a lot bigger I mean a significantly a lot bigger.
Like, how would you go about measuring the distance from, let's say, California to Florida?
Oh, OK.
Well, maybe you're saying to yourself it's Miles.
And what's the abbreviation for Miles.
Am I?
All right, so now what about over in Europe or so or actually really for the for the most part throughout
the rest of the world?
What are the units of measurement that they use for length?
Maybe you're saying to yourself, they use meters and the abbreviation there is AM, so the one thing
that I really do want to point out in that I really want you to actually focus on is the idea that looking
at the abbreviations here, which will be using a lot and I miss Miles and am is meters, do not get
these two confused.
I see this actually happen a lot.
And just keep that in mind that Miles, as am I and Meters is Šamaš.
OK, well, let's think about this year.
How many inches are there in a foot?
You might be saying to yourself that 12 inches is equal to one foot.
All right.
And how many feet are there in a yard?
Well, they are three feet in one yard.
Oh, what about this?
How many are there in a mile?
Let me just tell you this.
I bet you 99 percent of adults don't even know this as it's really not used in everyday kind of situation.
So it's very acceptable.
I get it.
But there are five thousand two hundred eighty feet in one mile.
How many feet are there in a meter?
Well, there are three point twenty eight feet in one meter when I'm actually just doing right now by
writing these equations out, is we're going to be using these to convert units.
These are going to be used for unit conversions.
All right.
And let's move down to the quantity of mass.
So we're working with mass.
This is going to be a little bit confusing in the United States.
Let's essentially say that the mass that we're going to be using for now, we're going to correct this
and yeah, we're going to correct this later on.
But for now, let's just say that the mass units are measured in pounds.
I know that this is actually a weight which is different than mass, but for for this unit conversions
and everything, I think it's acceptable to actually just say that as of right now, we're going to
be using pounds.
And what's the abbreviation for pounds?
I'll be yes, you might actually also see it written as L, b p s, and that's Latin for Labra Pontoise.
So that's that's where that actually comes from.
And now what about the mass four in the entire rest of the world that uses the metric system?
Well, the metric system actually uses what's called the gram.
And if you're thinking to yourself, hey, maybe you thought, oh, kg.
Well, the kilogram actually is just a further description of what the Gramma's it's just a prefix that
you're adding on there.
So the main route where there is actually the gram and the abbreviation for Gram is just a lowercase
G.
We can actually just go back into kilograms and saying that, hey, not just the fact that we're going
to be saying here is that one kilogram is equal to two point two pounds.
OK, so this is going to be the fact that we're going to be using in physics being that we're going
to be dealing with physical objects, I feel like that's going to be a lot simpler for us to actually
be measuring things in kilograms, rather, in grams.
OK, so next up, what is the smallest unit of time that you can actually think of?
Maybe you're saying to yourself the second or seconds and the abbreviation for this is either S or S
e c for the most part in this course, when I'm actually going to do is just use C, C, because it's
just explicitly defines that a lot clearer, a lot better.
What's the next bigger thing than the second.
We'll have our minutes, and that's my end.
And what's bigger than a minute?
Hopefully you're saying to yourself, to our which is just each are and what's bigger than our maybe
you're saying to yourself the day, which I believe that our vision for day is just simply day.
I don't think that there is actually abbreviation for that.
And then maybe you're saying to yourself, A, what's bigger than a day is a week and then you actually
have a month.
I'm not going to include those for the units that we're going to be dealing with right now, mainly
because, hey, how many days are there?
A month.
You'll have 28 days in a month.
You have thirty days in a month.
You have 31 days in the month.
So I'm not actually just going to use that.
Let's actually just go up from there.
And we actually have the year abbreviation for years.
Just why are OK, so this is going to be fun and simple for us right now.
How many seconds are there?
In a minute.
We have 60 seconds is equal to one minute and then we have how many minutes are there in an hour.
We have 60 Minutes is equal to one hour.
And how many hours are there in a day and how many days are there in a year?
Who you know this one.
All right, so there's three hundred sixty five point two five days in one year.
And you know what?
So there's a lot of my students are like, oh, that sounds made up on owners and why there's three
hundred sixty five point two five days in one year.
And that's actually a very specific and very accurate measurement right there.
And once again, you might be setting this up.
OK, so what does that mean?
And once this is just nestl additional fun fact over here.
But keep in mind, hey, if we do have our son over here and we have our planets actually orbit around
the sun, keeping in mind what you have, the planet Earth over here, it takes one year to actually
orbit around and get back to where the original position was.
And that's the definition of a year.